Add an unofficial doc for mac broker integration (#732)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-python: docs/mac-broker-integration.md

> # macOS broker integration

Reviewer: I would suggest we add code or docs in more universal way. This file's name and title could be "broker integration" because most of its content fit both Windows and Mac. We want the reader of this document to test both Mac and Windows, anyway.

This doc indicates how to use `msal` to communicate with the `broker on macOS` (Company Portal), which provides more secure authentication and single sign on experiences.

### Manually testing/integration steps

> 1. Install CP (Company Portal) on the mac device, login an acount in CP and finish the MDM process.
> 2. Install msal: `pip install msal==1.27.0b2`
> 3. Install pymsalruntime: `pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ pymsalruntime==0.17.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you are on a mac device, install CP (Company Portal), login an account in CP and finish the MDM process.
   If you are on a modern Windows device, broker WAM is already built-in.
2. Install MSAL Python from its latest `dev` branch:
   `pip install --force-reinstall "git+https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-python.git[broker]"`
3. (Optional) A proper version of `PyMsalRuntime` has already been installed by the previous command.
   But if you want to test a specific version of `PyMsalRuntime`,
   you shall manually install that version now.
```

### Verification msal and pymsalruntime works fine

> Please refer to [broker-test.py](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-python/blob/dev/tests/broker-test.py) as a sample. Notice, we use `enable_broker_on_mac=True` on macOS.
> ```
> pca = msal.PublicClientApplication(
>     _AZURE_CLI,
>     authority="https://login.microsoftonline.com/organizations",
>     enable_broker_on_mac=True)
> ```

Reviewer: Since we already maintain `broker-test.py`, there is no point to duplicate its code snippet here.

```suggestion
Please refer to [broker-test.py](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-python/blob/dev/tests/broker-test.py) as a sample.
```
